# Elevator Challenge

This project addresses an elevator controller challenge.
For details of the problem specification, see [Challenge.md](./Challenge.md).

Time limit: 4 hours

I wrote the submission in Java, using IntelliJ IDEA (Community 2017.2).
All the project files are packaged, if you have IntelliJ.
Otherwise, a Makefile builds things by hand.  Details below.

A few notes about the state of the project.
-  The framework is present, but I ran out of time before getting
   to any scheduling or detailed event handling.
-  A Driver class simulates device events (button presses, etc.)
   and hands those stimuli to the associated objects.  Unfortunately,
   the objects (call buttons, the elevator) don't do much with them.
-  The next steps (obviously) would be to add more event handling for
   the elevator, moving the car to different floors, opening doors, etc.
-  The `Elevator` class is intended to handle incoming events and also to
   generate its own events for the controller.  For example, when the
   elevator stops at a floor, changes direction, etc., it could emit
   its own events for the controller.  In turn, the controller could
   send new events to the `Elevator` car, moving an idle car up or down
   if its scheduler considered that appropriate.
-  A text file, `events.sim`, holds one event per line.  The `Driver` class
   reads the lines and simulates activity that would be generated by
   humans or electromechanical devices.  The format of the simulation
   file is:

   ```
   timestamp	device-ID	stimulus-type	floor
   ```

   The idea of the file is to build a script that drives the operation
   of the system.  Once the simulation starts, the system itself would
   generate new events that drive additional activity.
-  See the javadoc for more information.


# Project Details

Compile the java:
```
	make all
```

Run the java:
```
	make run
```

Make the javadoc:
```
	make doc
```

Read the javadoc:
```
	browse doc/index.html
```
